Dad, you're awake.
How is that possible?
It's your turn, Truong Huc Dong.
I'm sorry.
Only animals do not keep their promises.
Are you right, Director Trieu?
The young lady promised to do it herself.
Me me me me oops
Nice call.
Not ashamed to be my beast you
Director Trieu finished his shift today.
You go home and rest for a few days.
Tham Huyen Huyen if you are not easy then do not blame me.
Don't worry, Director Trieu will not save anyone if he sees them dying.
The hospital will punish severely.
Thank you very much.
By the way, I don't know what you call it.
My name is Tham Huyen Huyen.
You call me Mary.
Miss is not well.
Mr. Shen's condition is getting worse.